📝 Add cost responsibility to our principles (#2)
UKHomeOffice/core-cloud: README.md

# core-cloud
SAS Core Cloud

### Responsible with cost

Core Cloud operates consumption-based billing meaning teams only pay for their usage.\
This incentivises teams to take responsibility and optimise resources attributed to them.

> Core Cloud supports teams to optimise their resources using techniques like autoscaling, downscaling, spot pricing and ARM powered instances.

Author: ```suggestion
Core Cloud supports teams in optimising their resources using techniques like autoscaling, downscaling, spot pricing and ARM powered instances.
```
